--- PAGE 1 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 3
 
 
 
1. Evaluation Mission and Test Motivation 
 
This Master Test Plan report mainly focuses on the test approach to the Find Your Job - Online Job Recruitment 
System. It contains the testing done to archive the mission of the system. The mission of this system is to 
provide a user friendly online application for managing job recruitment for the companies. So in order to give a 
better user experience, we have to design and test the system very thoroughly. 
Since this is a web application that helps the peopl
ust contain exact details since a single bug or a 
security loophole can lead to a disaster. The User Interfaces and the system logic must maintain the quality in 
order to give the user what is expected by them. Since all the requirements mu
s 
functionalities a well-organized testing process must be carried out to check whether the system delivers what is 
expected. 
The system is developed with respect to the MVC architecture. So the testing plan must include the testing 
methods for every Model, View and Controller. 
The main objectives of the testing process are listed below: 
 
Finding as many bugs as possible and correct them before the system is being deployed to the users. A 
special thorough search for bugs will be carried out to ensure the confidentiality and the integrity of the 
system because the system deals with sensitive information like CVs of job appliers and Company 
details. 
 
Find important problems of design and implementation that poses a threat to the quality of the system 
and that does not meet user requirements. These problems will be corrected before the deliverance of 
the system. 
 
Identifying the risks that are associated with the project. Here the risks involving the project 
implementation are identified, tested and refactored before they happen. Risks like failing user 
acceptance can be forecasted by deploying a prototype among a little party and getting their feedbacks 
to change the system. 
 
The system must meet the quality standards and keep up with the standards of the existing systems. To 
achieve this a performance testing is done along with a user acceptance testing to check whether the 
system meets the required standards. 
 
The system must meet its requirements. So a proper testing process is carried out in order to check 
whether the system meets all the functional and non-functional requirements. A testing is done to 
check whether the system is moving away from the desired objectives, wasting time on useless 
requirements. 
 
A user acceptance testing is done to check whether the stakeholders are satisfied with the system that is 
built and to check whether the quality which is desired by the stakeholders is present in the system. 
 
The system should fulfill the process mandates. A testing process must be carried out to check the legal 
state of the system. Here every legal violation must be identified and resolved before the deployment 
of the system. 
 
The users must be advised about the testing too. When the user acceptance is carried out, the 
stakeholders must be notified that the system is a Beta version 
 
 
 


--- PAGE 2 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 4
 
 
 
 
2. Target Test Items 
 
Since this Find Your System is an online web application, the system should have higher security and high 
quality user interfaces. The system should be using minimum resources and minimum database calls in order to 
perform well. As this application is based on the MVC architecture, the test items are much similar to the 
Models Views and Controllers. So The listing below identifies those test items: software, hardware, and 
supporting product elements that have been identified as targets for testing. 
 
User Interfaces: 
 These are the views of the system. Here the quality of the views is taken into consideration with 
the time that the requested page is taken to load. Selenium IDE is used to test the user interfaces in this 
application. 
 
Data models and components:  
This is the most important part of the system since data models is basically the database of the 
system. So the database performance and its durability must be tested continuously. The database 
should be backed up well too. 
 
Functions:  
These are the controllers of the system. Since this is the business logic of the system, it must be 
thoroughly tested and validated in order to check whether the controllers meet the expected 
requirements. PHP Unit testing can be used to test the functions of the system. 
 
3. Test Approach 
 
The test approach presents the recommended strategy for designing and implementing the required tests. Here is 
the approach for testing for the Online Find Your Job System. 
 
Data and Database Integrity Testing
The entities and the database connections were made by Doctrine ORM. When using Doctrine 
ORM, the database developer manually creates the database using the command prompt which can 
lead to a lot of bugs. So the database connections must be checked regularly if a change to the database 
is made. 
The performance of the database is tested using the MySQL workbench tools such as 
Performance dashboard and Performance Schema Reports. 
 
Function Testing 
According to the MVC architecture, Function Testing includes the testing done to the 
controllers in the system. Since the controllers contain the main functionality of the system, it must be 
regularly tested to check whether they meet the user requirements.  
PHPUnit is used for this function testing. For validating the data which are passed from the 
Views to the database through the controllers, Symfony validator service is being used. 
 
 
User Interface Testing 
User Interface Testing includes the testing done for the views of the system. This testing is done 
after the function testing because the functionalities must give the right business logic for the views to 
implement them. 
The UI Testing is done using the Selenium IDE which is integrated in Firefox. Form 
submissions and other UI functionalities are orderly tested using the Selenium IDE. 
 


--- PAGE 3 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 5
 
 
Performance Profiling 
Performance Testing is very crucial since a lot of users may create accounts and have vacancies 
and applications. So a lot of database space is needed so the performance can be a considerable issue. 
Database performances are tested through MySQL workbench Performance Dashboard and Firefox 
performance tool. 
 
 
Load Testing 
Load Testing is the testing done for the system under different data loads. MySQL queries are 
tested and rewritten to minimize the load on the system. 
 
 
Security and Access Control Testing 
Security and Access Control Testing is done manually by checking entering the username and 
password combinations. The Symfony Debug toolbar is used to test whether the right user is logged 
onto the system and to test the roles assigned to the specific users meet the expected requirements. 
 
 
Failover and Recovery Testing 
This is also done manually to test how to recover from packet losses and database failures. 
Database is constantly backed up in order to recover quickly from the failures. 
 
 
Configuration Testing 
The system needs to run on different platforms and different servers. So the system must be tested 
and configured to run on different platforms like Operating Systems and should be able to run on 
many servers depending on the server the project is going to be deployed. 
 
 
3.1 
Testing Techniques and Types 
 
 
3.1.1 Data and Database Integrity Testing 
 
The databases and the database processes should be tested as an independent subsystem. This testing should test 
the subsystems without the target-of-
ditional research into the 
Database Management System (DBMS) needs to be performed to identify the tools and techniques that may exist 
to support the testing identified in the following table. 
 
 
Technique Objective: 
Database creation is done using the Doctrine Object Relation Mapping tool 
for symfony. This is done through the command line interface, and the 
Doctrine system guides through the creation of the entities and creating the 
database. So this will enable testing automatically by giving the incorrect 
database entities. 
 


--- PAGE 4 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 6
 
Technique: 
 
Invoke every entity and relationship with Doctrine ORM along with the 
getters and setters for each and every attribute of the system. ORM 
notations are being used to connect the database and access the 
database. 
 
Inspect the database to ensure the data has been populated as intended 
and all database events have occurred properly, or review the returned 
data to ensure that the correct data was retrieved for the correct reasons. 
 
The functionality of the database can be tested by using PHPMyAdmin 
and using the reverse engineer tool in the MySQL Workbench. 
 
Oracles: 
The database access can be tested by showing the data and the fields that 
the data is injected in the same code the data is transferred to the database. 
This way the developer can know whether the system behaves as expected 
as it enters data with respect to the database attributes. But this has a 
probable failure when two similar kinds of tables are present in the 
database. This way the retrieved data may not be erroneous even though 
they are not in the expected table. 
 
Required Tools: 
 
Doctrine ORM tool to generate tables. 
 
PHPUnit framework for generating test cases 
 
Symfony Framework to create relationships between tables 
 
Mozilla Firefox for testing the application 
 
PHPMyAdmin to view the database, tables and the content. 
 
MySQL workbench to verify the database schema and relationships 
 
Success Criteria: 
 
All the methods that are used in this system are very popular standard 
methods 
 
All the testing that is done has a proper documentation maintained in 
order for the future reference. 
 
Every test is guaranteed to produce a reasonable, satisfactory outcome 
and testing is continued until then. 
Special Considerations: 
 
Database should be normalized in order to do the testing well 
 
MySQL Workbench and PHPMyAdmin are observed manually for any 
data integrity violation and for any database design faults. 
 
 
3.1.2 Function Testing 
 
Function testing of the target-of-test should focus on any requirements for test that can be traced directly to use 
cases or business functions and business rules. The goals of these tests are to verify proper data acceptance, 
processing, and retrieval, and the appropriate implementation of the business rules. This type of testing is based 
upon black box techniques; that is verifying the application and its internal processes by interacting with the 
application via the Graphical User Interface (GUI) and analyzing the output or results. The following table 
identifies an outline of the testing recommended for each application. 


--- PAGE 5 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 7
 
Technique Objective: 
Exercise target-of-test functionality, including navigation, data entry, processing 
and retrieval to observe and log target behavior. 
Here every functionality is tested with its business logic to check whether all the 
functions can fulfill all the functional and non-functional requirements.  
 
Technique: 
Here PHPUnit testing framework Symfony Validator is used to execute each 
use-
valid and invalid data to verify that: 
 
The expected results occur when valid data is used 
 
The appropriate error or warning messages are displayed when invalid 
data is used 
 
Each business rule is properly applied and each of them provides the 
expected user requirement 
 
Correct data is entered to the forms and they are properly validated 
before writing them to the database. 
 
The functionalities are only shown to the authorized people and only 
has access to the authorized people. 
 
Backup the code before changing the functionality to make sure if 
something happens a recovery is possible 
The testing of the login - logout functionality of the system is done manually by 
checking the usernames and passwords. The symfony debugger tool is used to 
verify that the right user is logged on to the system with the right User Role. 
 
Oracles: 
Automated testing can be done by PHPUnit framework by providing assertions 
for the controller tests. Here we can create an input and determine the output 
based on the functionality of the function and then create an assert to check 
whether the actual outcome of the function is what is expected. Then we can 
change the functionality if the function according to result of the test. 
 
Required Tools: 
 
PHPUnit Framework for testing the functions 
 
Doctrine ORM to access the database within the functionality 
 
GIT Hub for backing up the code 
 
Symfony Debugger tool to check authentication 
Success Criteria: 
 
All the tests carried out to the identified use cases are working properly 
with no errors. 
 
All automated tests are guaranteed to give a reasonable and a validated 
result 
 
Special Considerations: 
There are special instances where certain use cases are not authorized to 
certain users. So it is better to create every user instance to check the 
functionality of the system. 
 


--- PAGE 6 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 8
 
 
 
 
3.1.3 User Interface Testing 
 
goal of UI testing is to ensure that 
the UI provides the user with the appropriate access and navigation through the functions of the target-of-test. In 
addition, UI testing ensures that the objects within the UI function as expected and conform to corporate or 
industry standards. 
 
 
Technique Objective: 
Exercise the following to observe and log the standards conformance and target 
behavior: 
 
Render web pages with the minimum memory and data usage and with 
the higher quality. 
 
Web system should have higher user experience, which means 
understanding the system and controlling the system must be easier. 
 
Index page should be eye catching and should explain what the system 
is all about 
 
Web pages must be platform independent, which means they must run 
on a lot of devices with different platforms.  
 
Web page tabs and buttons should give a good understanding about the 
actions and the content. 
 
Buttons should render the exact required page, which means the 
routing should work without bugs. 
 
Submitting forms should work as expected without errors. 
 
Technique: 
 
Use test cases and PHPMyAdmin to check whether the form 
submissions work properly. Check whether the data added to correct 
fields. 
 
Use Selenium IDE along with the fire bug tool for Firefox to generate 
web requests to see whether the User Interface behaves as expected 
 
Use PhpStorm to check for any miss spelling renders and to check any 
errors in the view files. 
 
Use Firefox Developer tools and Symfony Debugger tool to check the 
data usage and the performance of the rendering of the web pages. 
 
User Experience is managed through User Acceptance Testing and 
getting their feedbacks on the User Interfaces. 
 
Oracles: 
Only form submissions can be automated for User Interface Testing, along with 
the miss spelling errors and routing errors. Other testing cannot be automated 
because the user behaves differently 
 


--- PAGE 7 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 9
 
Required Tools: 
 
Selenium IDE to test the requests send to the web page 
 
PhpStorm IDE to debug the errors in the code and routing 
 
Mozilla Firefox to test the performance 
 
Symfony Debugger tool to check the memory usage 
 
Success Criteria: 
 
All the pages and routes are working well. 
 
There are no miss spelling or broken routes that fails the User Interface 
 
The system is user friendly with an easily understandable user interface 
 
Special Considerations: 
Most of the user interfaces cannot be tested accordingly because the components 
like images are loaded at the runtime. 
 
 
3.1.4 Performance Profiling  
 
Performance profiling is a performance test in which response times, transaction rates, and other time-sensitive 
requirements are measured and evaluated. The goal of Performance Profiling is to verify performance 
requirements have been achieved. Performance profiling is implemented and executed to profile and tune a 
target-of-test's performance behaviors as a function of conditions such as workload or hardware configurations. 
 
 
Technique Objective: 
Exercise behaviors for designated functional transactions or business 
functions under the following conditions to observe and log target behavior 
and application performance data: 
nder normal anticipated workload 
anticipated worst-case workload 
 
Technique: 
 
Take every functionality into consideration and run one at a time and 
measure the memory usage and the time taken to execute. 
 
Do multiple transactions simultaneously and check the memory usage 
and the time taken to execute. 
 
Run every transaction simultaneously and check memory usage and the 
time to execute. 
 
Take multiple instances of users and do all the transactions for each 
and test the above three steps for the whole system. 
 
Oracles: 
The results of automated tests are taken into consideration while executing the 
functionalities to check the performance. But this results are platform dependent 
and also depends on the internet connection of the user. 
 


--- PAGE 8 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 10
 
Required Tools: 
 
MySQL Workbench Performance dashboard to test the performance of 
the database. 
 
Symfony Debugger Tool to check the memory usage of the application.
 
Windows Task Manager to check the memory usage of the computer 
system. 
 
Success Criteria: 
The technique supports testing: 
 
Single Transaction or single user:  Successful emulation of the 
transaction scripts without any failures due to test implementation 
problems. 
 
Multiple transactions or multiple users:  Successful emulation of the 
workload without any failures due to test implementation problems. 
 
Special Considerations: 
Comprehensive performance testing includes having a background workload 
on the server.  
There are several methods that can be used to perform this, including:   
 
Use multiple physical clients, each running test scripts, to place a load 
on the system.  
 
Use MySQL Workbench Performance Dashboard to directly measure 
the performance of the database 
 
Increase the load incrementally and check the performance of the 
system and the database. 
Performance testing should be performed on a dedicated machine or at a 
dedicated time. This permits full control and accurate measurement. 
The databases used for Performance Testing should be either actual size or 
scaled equally 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.1.5 Load Testing 
 
Load testing is a performance test that subjects the target-of-test to varying workloads to measure and evaluate 
the performance behaviors and abilities of the target-of-test to continue to function properly under these different 
workloads.  The goal of load testing is to determine and ensure that the system functions properly beyond the 
expected maximum workload. Additionally, load testing evaluates the performance characteristics, such as 
response times, transaction rates, and other time-sensitive issues 
 
 


--- PAGE 9 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 11
 
Technique Objective: 
Exercise designated transactions or business cases under varying workload 
conditions to observe and log target behavior and system performance data. 
This includes: 
 
Observation of the behavior of the system under normal workload. 
 
Observation of the behavior of the system under worst case workload 
 
Observation of the behavior of the system with a considerable amount 
of concurrent users under normal and worst case workload. 
Technique: 
 
Use test scripts and Symfony Debugger tool to check the time taken to 
load the requested pages and the memory usage. 
 
Use PhpStorm to modify the code to increase the number of 
transactions to increase the load on the system. We can use loops for 
this scenario. 
 
Should test the systems daily weekly and monthly for peek loads. User 
acceptance testing is useful here. 
 
Workloads should include spiky Peaks and regular peaks use Selenium 
IDE to create a large number of web requests to test the load. 
 
The workload variations must be tested in different environments and 
different platforms too. 
Oracles: 
 This cannot be 
achieved by means of manual terms because it is not practically possible to 
wear down a computer. So the code itself must be updated and changed to 
apply a huge load on the system. 
Required Tools: 
 
PHPUnit framework to test the load on the functionalities 
 
PhpStorm to modify the code for applying the load 
 
MySQL Workbench to measure the database performance. 
Success Criteria: 
 
Exhausting the system with the worst case scenario will help to 
determine the system performance boundaries and requirements. This 
will help to determine whether the system can behave as expected for 
an expected workload. 
 
Average transactions on single user and multiple users should work 
perfectly without any errors. 
 
System should be able to withstand spiky peek loads and regular peeks 
without failing the system. 
Special Considerations: 
 
Load testing should be performed on a dedicated machine or at a 
dedicated time. This permits full control and accurate measurement. 
 
The databases used for load testing should be either actual size or 
scaled equally 
 
Database Indexes must be used wherever necessary in order to avoid a 
performance bottleneck in the database while retrieving large datasets. 
 
Should avoid Database queries with multiple joins because they 
automatically pose a huge workload on the system 
 
Create virtual users to load and simulate many clients and check the 
performance of the system for at least hundred users. Remote Terminal 
Emulation tools are also used load the network with workload.  
 


--- PAGE 10 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 12
 
 
3.1.6 Security and Access Control Testing 
Security and Access Control Testing focuses on two key areas of security:   
 
Application-level security, including access to the Data or Business Functions 
 
System-level Security, including logging into or remotely accessing to the system. 
 
Based on the security you want, application-level security ensures that actors are restricted to specific functions or 
use cases, or they are limited in the data that is available to them. In this Find Your Job System, every job seeker 
and job recruiter can create and update accounts but only managers can delete them.  
 
System-level security ensures that only those users granted access to the system are capable of accessing the 
applications and only through the appropriate gateways. System level security ensures that application level can 
only perform certain tasks.  
 
Technique Objective: 
Exercise the target-of-test under the following conditions to observe and log 
target behavior: 
 
Application-level Security:  An actor can access only those 
functions or data for which their user type is provided permissions. 
This ensures that a user cannot enter the URL and access the data 
without having the access to them. 
 
 
System-level Security:  Only those actors with access to the system 
and applications are permitted to access them. This will guarantee 
that Application Level can only perform only certain tasks and an 
intruder who broke into the application level cannot get to the 
database level without the system access level. 
 
Technique: 
 
Application-level Security:  Identify and list each user type and the 
functions or data each type has permissions for. 
 
Create tests for each user type and verify each 
permission by creating all the functionalities that is 
specific to each user type. 
 
Give warnings and forbidden messages when a user tries to access 
a function which is not authorized for that user 
 
Modify user type and re-run tests for same users. In 
each case, verify those additional functions or data 
are correctly available or denied. 
 
 
System-level Access: Create an account granting 
System Level Access. Then write database queries to 
access and change the database. Test accessing them 
from a user level access account.  
 


--- PAGE 11 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 13
 
Oracles: 
An automated testing method for testing the access cannot be created. All the 
testing must be done manually using Symfony Debugger tool. 
Since there are always some security loopholes that are left unanswered, the 
system is always vulnerable to attacks. But the security provided by symfony 
security will be sufficient for this system since this application does not handle 
highly sensitive data. 
 
Required Tools: 
 
Symfony debugger tool to test the user login and access roles. 
 
PHPUnit to test the forbidden and access denied messages 
 
SQL Map tool to test the system for SQL Injection. 
 
Success Criteria: 
System will log on the user to the system granting the relevant privileges to 
that user 
If a user tries to access a functionality which is not the specific user is not 
granted access, then  access denied message is given to the user.  
 
Special Considerations: 
The specific access levels are assigned to the job recruiter and the job 
seeker accounts, so the user is granted the specific privileges when they 
create the account for themselves. 
SQL Injection security loopholes can be neglected since Doctrine ORM 
manages the database access. So no SQL query is needed to access the 
database. Doctrine Query Builder safely passes the SQL queries to the 
database 
 
 
 
3.1.7 Failover and Recovery Testing 
 
Failover and recovery testing ensures that the target-of-test can successfully failover and recover from a variety of 
hardware, software or network malfunctions with undue loss of data or data integrity.  
For those systems that must be kept running failover testing ensures that, when a failover condition occurs, the 
 
Recovery testing is an antagonistic test process in which the application or system is exposed to extreme 
conditions, or simulated conditions, to cause a failure, such as device Input/output (I/O) failures, or invalid 
database pointers and keys. Recovery processes are invoked, and the application or system is monitored and 
inspected to verify proper application, or system, and data recovery has been achieved 
 
 


--- PAGE 12 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 14
 
Technique Objective: 
Simulate the failure conditions and exercise the recovery processes (manual 
and automated) to restore the database, applications, and system to a desired, 
known, state. Program failures may occur due to many reasons. The 
following types of conditions are included in the testing to observe and log 
target behavior after recovery: 
 
Power interruption to the client or to the server 
 
Communication interruption via network servers due to network 
failures 
 
Interruption, communication, or power loss to DASD (Dynamic Access 
Storage Devices) and DASD controllers 
 
Incomplete cycles such as an interrupted transaction, filtering process 
while executing a query interrupted, data synchronization interrupted 
 
Invalid database pointers or keys which will interrupt the controllers 
and database flow 
 
Invalid or corrupted data elements in database due to corrupted hard 
disks 
 
System Failures due to high workload on the system 
 
Technique: 
The tests already created for Function and Business Cycle testing can be used 
as a basis for creating a series of transactions to support failover and recovery 
testing, primarily to define the tests to be run to test that recovery was 
successful. 
 
Power the PC down if a power interruption to the client PC 
happened. 
 
Simulate or initiate power down procedures for the server if the 
sever gets a power loss. 
 
Simulate or initiate communication loss with the network if an 
interruption to the network servers occurs. Here communication 
wires are physically disconnected or network servers or routers 
powered down. 
 
Simulate or physically eliminate communication with one or more 
DASDs or controllers if DASD and DASD controllers are 
interrupted or a communication loss or a power loss happened. 
 
Transactions are rolled back to the previous state if an interruption or a 
power loss occurs in the middle of a transaction 
Additional transactions should be executed once the above conditions or 
simulated conditions are achieved and, recovery procedures should be 
invoked when the second test point state is reached. 
Database processes are aborted or prematurely terminated if a cycle is 
interrupted or became an incomplete cycle. The testing method is similar to 
the above. 
Testing for the following conditions requires that a known database state be 
achieved.  
Several database fields, pointers, and keys should be corrupted manually and 
directly within the database using database tools and additional transactions 
are executed using the tests from Application Function and Business Cycle 
Testing and full cycles executed. 
Backing up of the system/database should also be tested by reloading the 
system/database and seeing if it works fine.  


--- PAGE 13 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 15
 
Oracles: 
This Failure and recovery testing needs some functions to be perform 
manually. Powering down the PC or the server manually in the middle of a 
transaction by switching them off or unplugging to test the results can be 
categorized into those conditions. 
But testing for huge workload can be automated but as mentioned previously, 
the code must be modified accordingly to test it. 
Most importantly the database and the system should be backed up 
occasionally. This can be automated or done manually. The backing up can 
be set to be done once a week to be ready for a data corruption or a system 
failure.  
 
Required Tools: 
 
Backup and recovery tools such as PHPMyAdmin and MySQL 
Workbench 
 
External power supplies such as UPS devices. 
 
External hard disks for backing up data 
 
Installation monitory tools such as Task Manager 
 
Success Criteria: 
 
Successful recovery of data on a Client or a Server power down 
situation. 
 
Successful rollback of the operation when an interruption occurs in the 
middle of a transaction. 
 
Successful backing up of database and successful recovery of database 
if the backed up database is needed to be reloaded. 
Special Considerations: 
 
Recovery testing is highly intrusive. Procedures to disconnect cabling, 
simulating power or communication loss may not be desirable or 
feasible. Alternative methods, such as diagnostic software tools may be 
required. 
 
The Failure and recovery testing needs a lot of attention since the 
system failure for a very short period of time can be highly costly. So 
the recovery testing must be done in a proper way. 
 
Resources from the Systems or Computer Operations, Database and 
Networking groups are required. 
 
These tests should be run after hours or on an isolated machine to get 
the perfect results. 
 
 
3.1.8 Configuration Testing 
 
Configuration testing verifies the operation of the target-of-test on different software and hardware 
configurations. In most production environments, the particular hardware specifications for the client 
workstations, network connections, and database servers vary. Client workstations may have different software 
loaded at any one time, many different combinations may be active using different resources 
 
 


--- PAGE 14 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 16
 
Technique Objective: 
Exercise the target-of-test on the required hardware and software 
configurations to observe and log target behavior under different 
configurations and identify changes in configuration state. 
Configure the system to run on minimum memory usage and minimum data 
usage but with higher performance because this system does not need higher 
graphics. 
Technique: 
 
Use Function Test scripts to test the functionalities and database 
connections and database queries. 
 
Test the performance of the software while working with various non-
target-of-test related software, such as Microsoft Excel and Word 
applications, either as part of the test or prior to the start of the test. 
 
Execute selected transactions while interacting with other target-of-test 
and the non-target-of-test software processes. 
 
Repeat the above process, minimizing the available conventional 
memory on the client workstation. 
 
Oracles: 
Since this is a web application, configuration testing is not very much 
important because the Symfony Framework and the Doctrine ORM does the 
configuration part for the system minimizing memory usage and the data 
usage. 
The memory usage can be seen by the Symfony Debugger toolbar by running 
the application on a localhost server. 
 
Required Tools: 
 
Apache Wamp Server with PHP and MySQL enabled 
 
MySQL workbench to configure the database  
 
Symfony Debugger toolbar to test the memory usage 
 
Success Criteria: 
The system runs with all the user requirements with a user friendly 
environment and a better user experience while consuming only a reasonable 
amount of data usage and memory usage. 
 
Special Considerations: 
If the configuration costs a lot of resources than the benefit of that 
configuration, that configuration is avoided. 
If the configuration s changes to the system does not create a reasonable 
impact, those configurations are neglected. 
Since this is a web application, unlike in games and desktop applications, 
users are not allowed to do configurations on their own to update the system. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


--- PAGE 15 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 17
 
4. Deliverables 
In this section, various artifacts that will be created by the test effort that are useful deliverables to the various 
stakeholders of the test effort are taken into account. Here are the deliverables that give direct, tangible benefit to 
a stakeholder and those by which you want the success of the test effort to be measured: 
 
 
Test logs 
 
User Interface Test Details 
 
Code Inspections 
 
Database performance statistics 
 
Browser Performance Details 
 
Symfony Debugger tool details 
 
4.1 Test Evaluation Summaries 
 
 
Test Logs 
These are the detailed logs that give the outcome of every test that is written for the functionalities. If even a 
single test log is given the output as a failure, the that functionality is recorrected and all the tests are run again 
and the test logs are checked for faults. Test logs will be provided very often soon after a new functionality is 
added or a change to an existing functionality is made. 
 
 
 
 
User Interface Test Details 
The User Interface is tested using the Selenium IDE and the Fire Bug tool for Firefox. Tests will be carried out 
to check for the faults in form submissions and working actions. User Interface Test Details will be provided 
after the system is done coding and is being checked for User Interface errors. 
 


--- PAGE 16 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 18
 
 
 
 
Code Inspection Tool: 
Code Inspection details can be got after running the inspect code test in the PhpStorm. This will notify about the 
spelling mistakes, empty tags, unused items to help to refactor the code for better performance. These details 
will be provided for about once a week and after the whole project ends. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


--- PAGE 17 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 19
 
 
Database performance statistics 
Database performance statistics can be a very good method to check the database performance. It checks the 
memory usage for the database and the size of the database. Database performance statistics are provided after 
each database query made. Furthermore, DB performance details are provided after deploying the system, to 
check the storage of the system. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Browser Performance Details 
Browser performance details are checked to test the memory usage for the browser while the application is 
running as well as the memory usage for the application. The size of the page loaded can be also checked by the 
browser performance details, so that the data usage for the application can be calculated. These Details are 
provided if a major DB query is made or a page with a lot of images is being loaded to the screen. 
 


--- PAGE 18 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 20
 
 
 
 
 
Symfony Debugger tool details 
Symfony Debugger tool is used to calculate the memory usage for the sole application. Also the time taken for a 
page to load from server to the user s screen can be checked by this tool too. This toolbar is always present 
while developing the system, so these details can be acquired whenever needed. 
 
 
 
 
 


--- PAGE 19 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 21
 
 
4.2 Reporting on Test Coverage 
 
Test Logs will be provided daily in the development stage of the system since unit testing is done regularly after 
every different made to a functionality. User Interface test and Code inspections will be checked once a week in 
the development phase of the system, then at the user acceptance testing phase, User Interface is tested regularly 
with the feedbacks from the users and tested daily. 
Database performance is checked only if a large query is executed, but once the application is deployed, the 
database capacity against its performance is checked once a week and reports are made accordingly. Browser 
performance details and Symfony debugger details are only checked for pages with a lot of images are loaded 
into the browser. In Find Your Job system, these reports are made only when the index page is developed 
because it is the only page that consists images. 
A generic report for the testing details contains the following: 
 
Date 
 
Logged in user 
 
Test case field 
 
No. of test cases executed 
 
No. of pass 
 
No. of fail 
 
Pass percentage 
 
Fail percentage 
 
Comments 
 
These reports must be made for every successful and unsuccessful test case and an extra effort should be put to the 
test cases of the use cases and non-functional requirements like security. 
 
5. Risks, Dependencies, Assumptions, and Constraints 
 
 
Risk 
Mitigation Strategy 
Contingency (Risk is 
realized) 
Prerequisite entry 
criteria is not met. 
 Developer will define the prerequisites that 
must be met before Load Testing can start. 
 Users will endeavour to meet prerequisites 
indicated by Developers. 
 Meet outstanding prerequisites 
 Consider Load Test Failure 
Test data proves to 
be inadequate. 
 Users will ensure a full set of suitable and 
protected test data is available. 
 Developer will indicate what is required 
and will verify the suitability of test data. 
 Redefine test data 
 Review Test Plan and modify 
 components (that is, scripts) 
 Consider Load Test Failure 
Database requires 
refresh. 
 Admin or the Developer will endeavour to 
ensure the Database is regularly refreshed 
as required by Users 
 Restore data and restart 
 Clear Database 
Data is corrupted 
 
 System Admin backs up the database 
regularly in order to prevent data losses 
 Restore the latest backup to the 
database server 


--- PAGE 20 ---
 
Confidential 
MPM Solutions, 2016 
Page 22
 
6. References 
 
 
PHPUnit Testing Framework available at https://phpunit.de/ 
 
Selenium IDE available at https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/selenium-ide/ 
 
PHPMyAdmin available at https://www.phpmyadmin.net/ 
 
Wamp Server available at http://www.wampserver.com/en/ 


